Italy is in crisis mode right now as its
third largest bank is headed for
complete destruction
the ECB stated that there is need to get
the blood stream flowing and assist the
bank back to health as always it seems
as though the initial estimates of how
much would be required for a bailout
would quickly exceed that and the
bankrupt nation of Italy would have to
fork out more money it simply does not
have welcome to the grand master plan of
the technocratic elite you came here for
the truth
so let me unveil that for you let's look
at Italy today let's look at Europe and
then I want to bring it outwards from
there let's start with this the Italian
state will foot a 6.6 billion euros at
the 8.8 billion euros bill for bailing
out the struggling bank the country's
central banks said the ECB setting me
for I love this word recapitalization
recapitalisation to me means you screwed
up here's some more money for you it's
like a gambler he just goes and spends
more and more and more of his money and
somebody's on the other side saying here
have some more chips have some more
chips well eventually you end up with a
lot of trouble raise the total capital
required by more than three billion
euros that had been judged necessary
just one month ago and I assure you it's
going to continue explaining the higher
cost of the bailout italy central bank
in a statement said the public rescue
plan was costlier than the original
market solution directed at private
investors as I said in the previous
video initially was 5 billion euro turns
out to be a lot more than that they want
to set up funds for this you know we saw
this a few years back they set up the es
and before that I believe was called the
EFSF and these are always there
basically not to support any of these
institutions that actually may need help
for any reason they are there to use it
to take favorable terms not favorable
for the institutions of the countries in
need it's of course favorable for the
technocratic elite that's the way this
works that's why they set these up
there's always terms and conditions all
right
so essentially what they said it was
that it's gonna be very expensive and it
goes on to talk about that what I want
to cover from this is this very very
important point the chart is out of
Bloomberg with a little help from and it
goes in Italy debt to GDP would jump to
a hundred and fifty three percent
without underground and illegal economy
whoa okay so at the top line here what
we are looking at is the 153 percent is
referring to if you change that using
the drugs using the prostitution and
everything else all this illegal stuff
it brings it down okay so look at that
what you're looking at to me it looks
like about right here over a hundred and
thirty percent okay so when you see a
hundred and thirty percent GDP debt to
GDP you can't pay that back it's not
possible after a hundred percent I mean
even less but let's just be you know
generous even after 100 percent that's
it you're done it's impossible to pay
back that that will simply just continue
to accumulate and it will destroy the
nation it's just the way it is and now
you're out whatever to take your pick
130 150 percent whatever doesn't matter
the ruined they can't pay the debt back
and they are continuously going further
and further into debt their growth is
terrible right now at this time look at
their inflation very low at this time
and in a bad way not that you know that
food prices are declining or something
it's that simply that they are dying
italy's antitrust chief has called for
the EU member states to set up a network
of public agencies to combat fake news
that's right when you are about to head
into a crisis you need to ramp up the
propaganda and shut down those who speak
up against you that is what's happening
globally and this is very clear right
now in Italy as they're actually calling
for that and of course they said you
know we gotta set up these independent
bodies Yeah right
independent like what like NATO and the
g20 in the UN or the IMF and World Bank
are these independent nations not at all
not at all it's really sad to see it but
here it is anyway this whole thing new
thing is gonna blow up and it's going to
really accelerate I do believe that in a
very bad way why Spain's population is
shrinking by 72 people each day and
they're talking about the decline in
births okay specifically 4.6 percent
I've noted this to be a problem
obviously in Japan also in Europe Europe
is really you know we're seeing the
birth rates decline significantly this
you know there's many reasons for this
and I do believe that the economic
situation is becoming a very big burden
on people and they're feeling at the
feeling right now that's very clear to
me let's move on here to just one thing
we've been talking about the US dollar a
lot and the effects of this this was
about one month ago but I still feel as
well
you're looking at Egypt central bank
floating the pound on Thursday in an
attempt to stabilize its economy which
has been hampered by a shortage of
dollars and it's interesting to say to
see how dollars flow out of the u.s. in
fact most of the dollars not located
within the u.s. they flow out of the US
and where they end up it's anyone's
guess because it seems that there you
know there is a constant need for
dollars around the world that's very
true of course in the long term that
will change but right now because of
that petrol dollar we know that this
will remain status quo neon this
individual in the middle of the desert
apparently digging I don't know what
exactly he's looking for the currency
was initially devalue check this out by
32 percent to about 13 pounds per dollar
down from a previous peg of 8.8 per
dollar which had been in place since
March tumbled down by another 50% people
get hurt because of currency
manipulation and the government's just
simply don't care they will destroy it
look what Ben Bernanke said and I'll say
it a hundred times I talk about him in
the new book I think even more than once
Bernanke 2002 said we will do everything
that they did to stop the Depression
like it did you know back in 29 in other
words we will stop that from happening
by any means necessary we will use all
of these things and then one of them was
that they would devalue the currency by
as much as 40 percent you've probably
read this before if you've been on the
channel I know I've shown him more than
once but Ben Bernanke speech from 2002
he said they will devalue the dollar by
40 percent and that right there shows
you how far they're willing to go when
you devalue that overnight
people get crushed crushed but of course
they simply don't care all right let's
move on to the next thing here just a
very quick mention it's something that
I'm seeing a trend of right now and and
it's a good thing but Bibi Bibi
Netanyahu everyone's favorite here
apparently they are going into this
month-long inquiry trying to basically
have a criminal investigation open
against him and what they were talking
about here is just very specific
suspected offenses are bribe-taking and
aggravated fraud now I don't necessarily
think that any one thing is gonna happen
to a guy like this but look at what
happened with Brazil look at Argentina
look at the IMF not just Christine
Lagarde but before that Dominique
strauss-kahn we see big-name people
getting you know shut down getting
indicted getting whatever it could
happen it could happen anywhere and you
know despite the fact that it probably
should be happening more often it's good
to see at least attention brought to
this it could be all fake entirely just
to say that look he's a he's a real guy
and this and that and he defeats the
people who try to say that he's
committing any sort of suspected
offenses basically so not sure what to
make of it I thought I would just show
it to you there and then I want to say
while you stare at this this wonderful
creature if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up
and if you like the look of this
gentleman here just
stare into those eyes and you can give
me a thumbs down if you choose to if you
found the video informative I know
you'll find my book the money GPS even
more informative I have made this
complicated subject very easy and I do
that by the use of diagrams that I've
drawn up and charts as well if you want
to look through the book at Amazon they
have a look inside feature which will
allow you to flip through the pages of
the book and see if you like it take
care now if you hung in there I want to
quote Benito Mussolini the truth is that
men are tired of Liberty I have a
message for the late Benito Mussolini is
that real men and women are not tired of
Liberty